Updating cluster files to fix Pantheon (#6706)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/deploy_aws_private_clusters.adoc

* To enable private hosted clusters for AWS, you must first enable AWS PrivateLink. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/enable_aws_private_link.adoc#hosted-enable-private-link[Enabling AWS PrivateLink].

> * You must create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role and AWS Security Token Service (STS) credentials. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/create_role_sts_aws.adoc#create-role-sts-aws[Creating an AWS IAM role and STS credentials] and link:../hosted_control_planes/manage_aws_infra_iam.adoc#iam_aws[Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions]. 

Author: main thing that I noticed was that the titles do not match (NVM it does match the section name. It should read the following, but i'm not sure that is the reason that it appears wrong from the product doc: 

~~Managing AWS infrastructure and IAM permissions for hosted control planes~~
[IGNORE]```suggestion
* You must create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role and AWS Security Token Service (STS) credentials. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/create_role_sts_aws.adoc#create-role-sts-aws[Creating an AWS IAM role and STS credentials] and xref:../hosted_control_planes/manage_aws_infra_iam.adoc#iam_aws[Managing AWS infrastructure and IAM permissions for hosted control planes].
```

Author: <img width="1448" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-23 at 2 30 53 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a2b19c6-0ace-4854-a0ad-fb4e583ea8cd">
